[SDK-5974] [BD-5080] Banner Properties (#10172)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/banners/creating_campaigns.md

{::nomarkdown}
On-click behavior can be overridden if a specific element (such as a button, link, or image, of the Banner) has its own on-click behavior. For example, given the following on-click behaviors:<br><ul><li>A Banner has an on-click behavior that redirects to a website's homepage.</li><li>An image in the Banner has an on-click behavior that redirects to a website's product page.</li></ul>If a user clicks the image, they'll be redirected to the product page. However, clicking the surrounding area in the Banner will redirect them to the homepage.
{:/}
{% endalert %}

#### Step 3.3: Add custom properties (optional) {#custom-properties}

{% alert important %}
Custom properties for Banners are currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating
{% endalert %}

You can add custom properties to a Banner to attach structured metadata, such as strings or JSON objects. These properties don’t affect how the Banner is displayed but can be [accessed through the Braze SDK]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/banners/managing_placements/#accessing-properties) to modify your app’s behavior or appearance. For example, you could:

> - Change layout or styling based on a property like `color` or `expanded`.
> - Use metadata such as a `timestamp` or JSON object to trigger custom behavior.
> - Detect control variants and decide whether to hide a container or show alternate content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send metadata for your third-party analytics or integrations.
- Use metadata such as a `timestamp` or JSON object to trigger conditional logic.
- Control the behavior of a banner based on included metadata like `ratio` or `format`.
```
